So with all these features added lets make sure that we can click on a single item here and loaded in
the recipe details section.
Again this is the challenge for you.
It only uses tools we learned thus far.
You somehow need to emit an event on the single recipe item component that it was collect and then get
this event somehow to the recipe's component which then also holds the recipe data to pass down the
event data which recipe was selected to that component.
Now you're going to have to work with property and event binding for this.
Again only things you'll hurt us far.
And if you're getting stuck with something like this of course we will solve it together in a couple
of seconds.
Here's your chance to pause.
So where are you successful now.
The approach we're going to do now we're going to follow now is only a temporary approach.
We'll later learn how to do this more elegantly and easier.
But it's also a great approach because it uses the things we learned thus far.
And that gives us an impression on when a different approach might be useful.
So what's our goal here and the single recipe item component here we got this link and we want to make
sure that what Edwards link is clicked we emit an event informing our parent component that this recipe
was selected.
So for this to work I'll add a click listener to this link and I will say on selected here of course
you can choose any method name you want.
All implement on selected here.
And there I want to emit my own event.
So I will name it recipe selected and this will use the event as you'll learn.
Again make sure to imported from at angular core Diovan Demeter here won't pass any information.
So I'll set the type to white because it will contain no information and we have to add at output so
that we can listen to this event from outside at output.
All that needs to be imported from an angler core.
And on select that I don't want to trigger recipes selected and called emit no not air or emit.
Again we don't pass any error because here we specify that we won't.
We don't need to pass any.
You could argue that you want to pass the recipe on which this was emitted but you don't need to do
it is because what is the apparent component listening to that that of course is our recipe list component.
That is where we use the single recipe item.
Now if we implement our own event your and listen to recipes selected Well we already got information
of which recipe this will be because we have it here from the entry for loop.
Keep in mind this will replicate those elements of for each element.
It's absolutely clear.
Well which element is is in recipes select that we we again need to emit and even though because we're
not there where we want to be we have to go up one level because we want to reach our recipes component.
We're just the one implementing the recipe list.
This is probably where you see that as a kind of complex to simply inform a natural component that we
collect something for now it's the only method we have.
And it's a great practice but no worries we will improve this in the future.
So in recipe list we need to emit a number of events or here or execute on Recipe selected of course
choose any name you want and that method of course has to be implemented here.
Now here we need to get some extra information which recipe was selected and therefore I will pass the
recipe element here.
So that is the recipe which we did select.
Now that we have that information we know here we will get de-select the recipe which will be of type
recipe.
We are already importing the model therefore we can easily use to type and then we as I mentioned want
to emit an adverse event.
So here we need to find a fitting name before we used recipes selected that would be a fitting name
here to put to make it super clear that this is a different event because custom events don't propagate
up so we can listen to the event of a child of a child.
I want to choose a different name.
Recipe was selected maybe which also uses to even dimeter so make sure we imported from an angler core.
And here I will pass my recipe as I type here.
I will pass the recipe which was selected because that information the recipes component will need in
the end.
Now as before we need to add at output here and import this from an Anglo coworker so that we can listen
to this he went from outside and then here in on Recipe select that we can use recipe was selected emitted.
And pass the recipe as data.
Now with that we can go to our recipe component.
Our main component for this feature area and on the list we can now listen to a recipe was selected
to cast me when we created a second ago.
And here I now want to store this selected recipe.
So in my typescript file I would treat a selected recipe property which will be of type recipe.
Make sure to import recipe from your model of filed in.
And initially this is undefined because I'm not assigning a value.
I will assign a value here.
Once this event here ochreous.
So then I will have set select the recipe equal to dollar sign U-bend.
And of course you could also put this into a method but since this is all I want to do I can put it
into the template here.
Generally though you should try to put as little logic as possible into your template.
So here I'm referring to the selected recipe property of my recipe's component and dollar sign event
as you learned refers to the data we passed with an event.
Now we can pass this information to the recipe detail component first of all though I will add NGF to
this detail component to determine if we want to display it because I only want to display it if selected
recipe is set.
So here I will check if selected recipe and if it is and you find that will resolve to false.
And if it is not set I want to say a dummy text so I will use energy template for this to define a paragraph
where I say Please select a recipe and Engy template will receive a local reference of info text.
And now with that placed on Engy template we can use it as Engy if else syntax where I add a semi-colon
and then Elle's info text so that adds to content of this template should be displayed.
If we save this we simply select the recipe year so that it's working as it should.
Now if we select a recipe by clicking here we see the recipe DTL.
Now of course we don't see the detailed data because we're right now not passing this recipe down to
that component but at least our IF check is working and we're passing the recipe this event successfully.
Now as a final step let's pass the selected recipe to the ABW recipe detail for dad.
We have to go to that component and add the property for this here.
I'm going to use nameless recipe again which will be of type recipes and make sure to import this from
your recipe model file.
It's not set initially but it will add at input so that we may set it from outside input of course as
always has to be imported from an Anglo core and with that we can now go back to the recipe's component
and bind to that recipe.
And of course we want to bind our selected recipe and keep in mind this whole component will only be
rendered only be attached to the dorm.
If this condition is true so if selected recipes not undefined.
Therefore once you've passed us down to the recipe detail a component we know that we can safely output
the recipe name here so recipe name.
Keep in mind recipe is the property name in this component.
The one to which we're binding to from outside and this will never fail because recipe will always be
set.
I realized this component wouldn't be rendered due to NGF here.
I also want to use property binding to display my image so recipe image Poth then and here I'll use
string jubilation to display the name.
If we can't load the image for some reason the buttons are fine.
But below is the description I will set the recipe description.
Now with this if we save that and we click on the recipe we see the respites recipe here.
Now the image is a little bit too big.
So maybe on this image let's simply add some styling to it inline style where we set the maximum height
to 300 pixels maybe like that.
Now with that that looks better.
So now we got this working.
Looks like nothing changed because we get the same text here.
So let's quickly go to our recipe list component and nameless and Nambour test recipe so that we can
actually see if we correctly switch.
And we do.
So that is working.
The missing piece now is a shopping list where I am one to make DS input fields your work at least in
a basic way